#summary List of Camelbox releases in 2008
#labels Phase-Support

[http://code.google.com/p/camelbox CamelBox Home Page] ::
[http://www.waytorussia.net/WhatIsRussia/Russian/Part1a.html Russian numbers with pronounciation]

2008 releases will use Russian numbers as labels for major releases.  The
"numbers" will increment for each major release during the year.  The first major release of the new year (January 1st) will pick up a new langage.

нуль :: nool :: zero
один :: ah-din :: one

For support with this software, feature requests, or complaints, please send
e-mail to the Camelbox mailing list at Camelbox@googlegroups.com.

== 2008.304.0742Z-odin (October 30th, 2008) ==
http://camelbox.googlegroups.com/web/2008.1-odin.140x50.png?gsc=W5IC6wsAAABPWKDF42_FMiblJwrGK0VC

{{{
- Goo:Canvas support
}}}

Upgrade recommendation: Upgrading is recommended only if you want to
pick up new features or applications.  Camelbox releases from
"2008.191.1624Z-nul" and older should be uninstalled before installing
this version.  If you have installed a previous Camelbox 'odin'
release, you can run this installer and just choose the new packages
to install them on top of your existing installation of Camelbox; see
the "Installing Missing Packages" section of the InstallingCamelbox
wiki page for the particulars. 

== 2008.233.0533Z-odin (August 20th, 2008) ==
http://camelbox.googlegroups.com/web/2008.1-odin.140x50.png?gsc=W5IC6wsAAABPWKDF42_FMiblJwrGK0VC

{{{
- PostgreSQL support.  Specifically, PostgreSQL 8.3.3 and DBD::Pg
2.9.0, including the psql.exe binary as well as the PostgreSQL server
binaries and development files
- Added the Perl/GTK application "Sprog"
- Added Gtk2::Ex::DBI and Gtk2::Ex::Datasheet:DBI modules
}}}

Upgrade recommendation: Upgrading is recommended if you want to pick
up new features or applications.  Camelbox releases from
"2008.191.1624Z-nul" and older should be uninstalled before installing
this version.  If you have installed a previous Camelbox 'odin'
release, you can run this installer and just choose the new packages
to install them on top of your existing installation of Camelbox; see
the "Installing Missing Packages" section of the InstallingCamelbox
wiki page for the particulars.

== 2008.213.0146Z-odin (July 31st, 2008) ==
http://camelbox.googlegroups.com/web/2008.1-odin.140x50.png?gsc=W5IC6wsAAABPWKDF42_FMiblJwrGK0VC

{{{
- The installer has a newer layout, with a new banner page as the first page of the installer
- *IMPORTANT* The install types have been changed; There's a new standard
install ("The Starter"), and then each subsequent install type builds on that;
there's also basic installs, which gets you just the bare minimum if you want
it.  If you want everything (old installer behaivor), choose "The Bloatware"
from the install type menu when you get to the package selection screen
- MinGW updated to 5.1.4, and all binaries rebuilt against it.  This should fix
problems with running binaries on Windows Vista.
- Packaged XML::Parser 2.36
- Packaged Gtk2::Ex::PodViewer.  Nice Perl POD viewing on Windows awaits!
- Updated GTK libs to GTK+ 2.12.11, Glib to 2.16.5 and Cairo to 1.6.4-2
- Updated the Gtk2-Perl modules to Gtk2 1.183, Glib 1.183, and Cairo 1.060
- broke the Expat libs out into their own packages
- Updated LZMA to 4.58 beta
- Broke out and packaged all of MySQL version 5.0.51b; there's now -bin,
-client, -dev, -debug, -docs, and -server MySQL packages
- Broke out the CPAN metadata files into their own package
- Upgraded Moose to 0.54, and Class::MOP to 0.63
- Created a package for Win32::API and Win32::ODBC
- Packaged the SQLite .dll and .exe files into separate packages.
- Upgraded the SQLite binaries to 3.6.0
- Updated Glade XML GUI builder for Windows
- Tweaked the UnxUtils package so that the binaries in that package that have
the same name as Windows binaries also have copies that start with 'x' in their
filenames; xfind, xhead, xdate, xsort
- The license for the Camelbox-specific files (support scripts and installer
files) has been changed from GPLv2 to the same license(s) as Perl (Artistic/GPL
v1).
}}}

Upgrade recommendation: Upgrading is recommended if you want to pick up new
features or applications.  Note that since this is a completely new build,
older releases will require uninstallation before installing this version.
Check the "Installing Camelbox" wiki page
(http://code.google.com/p/camelbox/wiki/InstallingCamelbox) for a brief
description of all of the install types that are available in this release.

== 2008.191.1624Z-nul (July 9th, 2008) ==
http://camelbox.googlegroups.com/web/2008.0-nul.140x55.png?gsc=W5IC6wsAAABPWKDF42_FMiblJwrGK0VC

{{{
- Not one, not two, but *THREE* different DBD drivers; DBD::mysql,
DBD::ODBC, DBD::!SQLite, all based on DBI
- Extra Perl Modules: JSON, Log::Log4perl, TimeDate 
}}}

Upgrade Recommendation:  Upgrading is only recommended if you want to pick up
the new features.  You can use the new installer to 'add' the new features in
this release to your existing install without any issues, as long as you are
using Camelbox release 2008.102.0140Z (April 11th, 2008) or newer.  Older
releases will require uninstallation before installing this version. 

== 2008.189.2336Z-nul (July 7th, 2008) ==
http://camelbox.googlegroups.com/web/2008.0-nul.140x55.png?gsc=W5IC6wsAAABPWKDF42_FMiblJwrGK0VC

{{{
- Archive packages that are downloaded by the installer are now verified using MD5 checksums; if the checksum fails, the user is prompted to re-download the package or exit the installer
- "Space required" shown in the installer is now the actual size of installed files; prior to this release, the installer was showing the total size of all of the archive packages that would be downloaded and unpacked.
}}}

Upgrade recommendation: Upgrading is not recommended; no new files or packages
were added in this release, only tweaks to the installer.  If you've been
having problems downloading archive packages from the Internet, this reworked  
installer should help out a lot.

== 2008.120.0145Z (unlabled) ==
April 28th, 2008

{{{
- fixed logic for saving downloaded files when "Keep downloaded archive files"
checkbox is checked
- packaged Asciio application (http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?App::Asciio)
- changed the HTTP downloader .dll library used to download archive files;
fixes problems with downloading archive files from machines on the same subnet
as the client
}}}

Upgrade recommendation: Only if you want to pick up new features.

== 2008.102.0140Z (unlabeled) ==
April 11th, 2008

{{{
- updated the GTK binaries to: cairo-1.4.14, glib-2.16.2, gtk+-2.12.9
- updated the Gtk2-Perl modules to: Cairo-1.045, Glib-1.182, Gtk2-1.182
- added back the Gtk2::GladeXML and Gnome2::Canvas Perl modules, as well as the
supporting GTK binaries
- added the PAR and PAR::Packer modules
- added the Moose "Post-Modern Object System" Perl module
- added back the Glade 3 Windows binary
- reworked the dmake packages
- changed the Windows icons for all Perl binaries to be the Camelbox
logo instead of the default Perl one
}}}

Upgrade recommendation: Only if you want to pick up new features.

<wiki:comment>
vi: set filetype=googlecodewiki shiftwidth=2 tabstop=2 paste:
</wiki:comment>
